= has_inherited

Easily share variables between Rails models with inheritance.

== Installation

  ➜  ~  gem install has_inherited

== Using has_inheritable

(*NOTE*: has_inherited 2.x or greater only works with Rails 3. If you need Rails 2.x support please use has_inherited 1.0)
The intention of this library is to make it easy to inherit particular variables between models in rails apps. We start with a parent model that will function as a pseudo-polymorphic association for children objects.

=== 1. Define a parent object

  class Seo < ActiveRecord::Base
    is_inheritable
  end

Use the following as a migration guideline. *Note:* The table structure is important.

  create_table :seos do |t|
    t.integer :inheritable_id
    t.string  :inheritable_type
    t.string  :name, :limit => 50, :null => false
    t.string  :value
    t.string  :value_type
  end

=== 2. Define child objects. 

  class Industry < ActiveRecord::Base
    has_inherited :seo, :from => Seo
    has_many :clients
  end

This gives industry instances access to the seo namespace from the Seo object. In this case it will end up being `industry.seo.X`

  class Client < ActiveRecord::Base
    belongs_to :industry
    has_many :stores
    has_inherited :seo, :from => [:industry, :seo], :inherit_class => 'Seo'
  end

This gives client instances access to the seo namespace from its associated industry. You also have to specify the `:inherit_class` so we know what table to look up. 

=== Examples

  #Set the SEO global title
  #Seo.global.title = "SEO Title"

  #Grab that child industry title
  industry.seo.title
  # => 'SEO Title'

  #Grab the client title
  client.seo.title
  # => 'SEO Title'

  #Change the industry title
  industry.seo.title = 'Industry Title'

  #Check the client
  client.seo.title
  # => 'Industry Title'

  #Grab all the Keys for the client
  client.seo.all
  # => {:title=>"Industry Title"}

  #Grab all the non-inherited keys from the client
  client.seo.all(false)
  # => {}


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Mark Turner. See LICENSE for details.
